COSIMA cookbook wording updates (#1158)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/model_evaluation/evaluation_on_gadi/cosima.md

???+ warning "Support Level: Supported on <i>Gadi</i>, but not owned by ACCESS-NRI"
    <!-- Who develped the tool? -->
    The <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> is developed and maintained by COSIMA. While ACCESS-NRI does not contribute to the scientific scope of the code, it actively supports the use of the recipes within the <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> on <i>Gadi</i>. 
    ACCESS-NRI provides access to the latest version of <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> via the `xp65` `conda/analysis3` conda environment for Model Evaluation on Gadi.

> The <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> framework focuses on the <a href="/models/access_models/access-om">ACCESS-OM2 and ACCESS-OM3</a> suite of models being developed and run by members of <a href="https://cosima.org.au/" target="_blank">COSIMA</a> and ACCESS-NRI. This framework demonstrates how to analyze output from MOM5/MOM6 and CICE5/CICE6.

Reviewer: > Is it true that it focuses on ACCESS-OM?
Yeah it focuses on ACCESS-OM

I suspect not but I'll just check with @dougiesquire.. is there any wombat diagnostics in there?

???+ warning "Support Level: Supported on <i>Gadi</i>, but not owned by ACCESS-NRI"
    <!-- Who develped the tool? -->
    The <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> is developed and maintained by COSIMA. While ACCESS-NRI does not contribute to the scientific scope of the code, it actively supports the use of the recipes within the <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> on <i>Gadi</i>. 

>     ACCESS-NRI provides an environment to run to the latest version of <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> via the `xp65` `conda/analysis3` conda environment for Model Evaluation on Gadi.

Reviewer 2: No, this is not necessarily true, see eg. https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/parcels-incompatible-with-zarr-3/5619/2

Unfortunately, there's not much we can do about conflicts in the ecosystem like this.

I've spent a little bit of time looking into automated testing of the recipes, but there are a few kinks surrounding dask worker id's (procedurally generated non-deterministic hashes) and that sort of things embedded in outputs. Realistically it should be doable, it's just finding the time...

>     ACCESS-NRI provides an environment to run to the latest version of <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> via the `xp65` `conda/analysis3` conda environment for Model Evaluation on Gadi.

Reviewer 2: Sorry @chrisb13, couldn't see a way to attach this to your comment thread.

N.B It should be 'COSIMA Recipes', not 'Cosima Cookbook' throughout, shouldn't it?

>     ACCESS-NRI provides an environment that can run the latest version of <i>COSIMA Recipes</i> via the `xp65` `conda/analysis3` conda environment for Model Evaluation on Gadi, provided 3rd party packages maintain compatibility.

Reviewer 3: Edit: "ACCESS-NRI provides an environment that can run the latest version of COSIMA Recipes via the `xp65` `conda/analysis3` conda environment for Model Evaluation on Gadi, as long as 3rd party packages maintain compatibility."

Author: ```suggestion
    ACCESS-NRI provides an environment that can run the latest version of <i>COSIMA Recipes</i> via the `xp65` `conda/analysis3` conda environment for Model Evaluation on Gadi, as long as 3rd party packages maintain compatibility.
```

> The <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> framework focuses on the <a href="/models/access_models/access-om">ACCESS-OM2 and ACCESS-OM3</a> suite of models being developed and run by members of <a href="https://cosima.org.au/" target="_blank">COSIMA</a> and ACCESS-NRI. This framework demonstrates how to analyze output from MOM5/MOM6 and CICE5/CICE6.

Reviewer 3: edit: change "analyze" to "analyse"

Author: ```suggestion
The <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i> framework focuses on the <a href="/models/access_models/access-om">ACCESS-OM2 and ACCESS-OM3</a> suite of models being developed and run by members of <a href="https://cosima.org.au/" target="_blank">COSIMA</a> and ACCESS-NRI. This framework demonstrates how to analyse output from MOM5/MOM6 and CICE5/CICE6.
```

## COSIMA Cookbook information

For more information on the <i>COSIMA Cookbook</i>, refer to the <a href="https://cosima-recipes.readthedocs.io/en/latest/" target="_blank">documentation</a>, as well as the following lists of recipes:

- <a href="https://cosima-recipes.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cooking-lessons-101/index.html" target="_blank">Tutorials</a>
- <a href="https://cosima-recipes.readthedocs.io/en/latest/appetisers.html" target="_blank">Appetiser recipes</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/COSIMA/cosima-recipes/tree/cosima_cookbook/ACCESS-OM2-GMD-Paper-Figs" target="_blank">Notebooks</a> to reproduce figures of the <a href="https://gmd.copernicus.org/articles/13/401/2020/" target="_blank">ACCESS-OM2 announcement paper</a>

> ### Help evaluate and improve applications of OM3

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Help evaluate and improve applications of ACCESS-OM3
```

There is a community based group (ACCESS-OM3 model evaluation team) that are helping with OM3 evaluation and development. Contributions from people of all career stages and backgrounds are highly encouraged.

> All community members can get write access to the [OM3 evaluation repository](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1). To get write access, you need to create an issue and request access, please use [this issue template](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1/issues/new?template=add-user-request-to--access-om3-paper-1--repository-.md). Evaluation figures are being coordinated in [issue #23](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1/issues/23) of the repository. Instructions to get started are in the README of the repository.

Reviewer 4: As per our discussion in Hive Docs, we think it's best not to include the instructions on how to contribute directly into this page (to avoid it getting out of date). Instead, we suggest doing something like the following, where we direct community members to the README with the instructions there.

```suggestion
Interested in contributing to ACCESS-OM3 evluation? See the [How it works](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1?tab=readme-ov-file#how-it-works) section of the [OM3 evaluation repository](https://github.com/ACCESS-Community-Hub/access-om3-paper-1) for guidance.
```
